Readme for ActionMale PPM version 1.0
-----------------------------------------------------


Contact original Author at: ppiselli@edlab.cs.umass.edu


ACTION MALE
----------
	ActionMale is a plug-in player model for Action Quake 2.  Modelled by 
Paolo Piselli and edited by Suislide (Dallas Frank) of the Ateam.


USAGE
-----
	This PPM comes with Action Quake and is an actionquake exclusive made with the original 
author's permission.  Please do not release this for regullar Quake2.  However, it has been 
improved over the Supermale in various ways.  It is smoother now, without as many ridges and it
 is also much, much closer to fitting the Male dimensions.  It has also been made to look a little
 smaller and more realistic than the actionmale because even action stars aren't as big as He-Man.
 You can replace the model in your supermale dir with this guys tris.md2 and still use the same 
skins, but his weapon will be off.  There are ways around this, but I am not going to explain them.

In other words, this is a changed SuperMale meant specifically for Action Quake.  If you want to 
release him, the answer is no.  If you want to use him yourself and you know how without asking me,
 then yes.  Have fun


MAKING YOUR OWN ACTION STAR SKINS
--------------------------------
If you have made a quality skin that would suit action quake (i.e. an action star or a cop or 
something), then please visit guild.teefragged.com to submit it.  Skins for ActionMale and 
SuperMale are interchangable, so if you have made one for either model that is appropriate, please
 let us know.


VERSION HISTORY
---------------
Modified for Action Quake, became ActionMale (to avoid dir name conficts)
SuperMale version 1.0 - first public release - 42 skins



ORIGINAL AUTHOR'S ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
----------------	
	I have to thank Gwot and Rouge13 for answering my novice questions with care.
I must also thank those who made the Quake2 Modeller, NPherno's Skin Tool, and the
Skinview MOD, these are all great tools which every Q2 modeller should try.  Finally, I
have to thank all those skinners out there who spend their free time cooking up new 
clothes for SuperMale.

SUISLIDE'S ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
-------------------------
	I want to thank Palo for allowing me to use and edit his model for our mod. 
Nice guy.  I also want to thank Phillip Martin for Q2modeller, which was the most used
 tool in editing this great model.  And um, everyone else who kicks ass.